key minecraft:air
max_stack_size 0

key minecraft:stone
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:granite
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:polished_granite
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:diorite
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:polished_diorite
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:andesite
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:polished_andesite
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:grass_block
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:dirt
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:coarse_dirt
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:podzol
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:cobblestone
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:oak_planks
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:spruce_planks
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:birch_planks
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:jungle_planks
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:acacia_planks
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:dark_oak_planks
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:oak_sapling
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:spruce_sapling
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:birch_sapling
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:jungle_sapling
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:acacia_sapling
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:dark_oak_sapling
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:bedrock
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:sand
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:red_sand
max_stack_size 64

key minecraft:gravel
max_stack_size 64
